We add at the sign up method but of course we should improve it a little bit.
First of all one thing I noticed is that on the off page for the button of course I want to swap the
label and not say log in when we're signing up.
But I want to say sign up so I'll check he is log in property and only if we are logging in then I will
say log in here after.
Otherwise I'll say sign up here but that's a minor thing.
More importantly I want to show a spinner some loading indicator of Baltimore logging in and we got
all the logic for that in place already.
We got that loading controller injected and we already used this in on log in before now.
Maybe we should recycle this method here.
Name it authenticate and we'll be able to find out whether rural logging in or we're signing up because
we're managing this in the is logging property here and then we can just grab our code from down there.
Cut that where we sent that request and go up here and there.
I've faked the log in process with set time out.
Now I don't have to fake it anymore.
I can use my off service.
I just need to make sure that didn't authenticate I get my email and my password fields which are both
strings so that I have that data because it turns out that for logging in we'll have to same sent the
same data.
So we definitely can manage this and wanted the same method.
And then here instead of adding a timeout everything I had in there now simply goes into that place
where I log my data because that is when I'm done signing up.
So now I can remove that set timeout use authenticate and down there I will just call this authenticate
and former and forward my email and password of course you could have all the logic and you on submit
method two of you prefer that.
Now we'll have to do one thing later though we'll have to make sure that we send the right request.
Right now I'm always signing up.
Well we soon might want to change this at all to log in occasionally but for now since we only implemented
the sign up functionality let's go with that.
We also saw that we can get an error.
So we probably want to show this to the user as well.
And therefore I'll inject the alert controller here alert controller like this.
Of course imported from at ionic angular.
And I want to show that alert whenever we have an error for this I'll add a new private method show
alert
where I expect to get a message which is a string and in there I'll use the alert controller to create
a new alert where I'll set a header of authentication failed and the method which is the message I'm
getting as an argument then of course we have a promise here where I get the alert element and then
we simply present that element well and we also should add some buttons here so that we do actually
provide a better user experience.
Let's add buttons here where I say OK for example and that semicolon has to go to the end.
So now we are all just showing that alert here or at least we added the functionality here.
I now want to find out whether we had an error or not.
And the good thing is we're right now handling the success case.
Of course we can add the error case here to the subscribe method as well where we get that error object
and we already saw what that error will look like we basically got an object which had a message property
which had that error in it.
But let's see it again real quick to validate the exact structure of the object we're getting.
So now as reloads let's have a look.
So I do try to create a user with that same e-mail address I already used I do get an error here and
therefore my loading indicated right now doesn't go away.
We'll fix this soon.
Now that error here this is what logging actually has an error field itself and in there we have yet
another error field in there we have that message.
OK.
So we get to dig into reader levels basically.
Therefore all named as error response to have at least one error or less that I have to go in and then
I can extract the message here were the code because the message isn't really a human readable message
it's more like a code which you by the way all the fine in the docs there.
You see common error codes you might get like e-mail not found in a password that's for signing in for
signing up it's things like email exists and then you can manually handle that code.
So here I get that code and I get that from error response error or error or we have to dig into these
levels and then it's in the message field.
Right so we're in error error message that is that code.
Now we can create a human readable message here which medieval could be could not sign you up please
try again.
So some dummy message but then I'll all the.
If chicken see if the code actually is email exists which is the most common reason for a log and fail
or a sign up fail probably in that case we could add a more specific message of this email address already.
Exists something like this and then thereafter we can call this show alert and pass on that human readable
message regenerated and all of course make sure that you use that loading element and dismiss it here
so that the loading indicator goes away.
And now if we try creating a user who already exists.
Again go to sign up here and lock that user in a sign that user up.
I get that the error of medication failed.
The e-mail address exists.
And of course that should be exists already I guess.
But that's a minor thing.
If I now try email address that has not been taken yet.
Like this.
Then we successfully locked the user in so or create the user I should say.
So that looks good.
Now let's take care about logging in users which we all who we already created.